docs: update subscription frontmatter (#4693)
apollographql/router: docs/source/executing-operations/subscription-support.mdx

---

> title: Configure subscription support
> subtitle: Enable clients to receive real-time updates whenever new data becomes available
> description: Configure your router to support GraphQL subscriptions, enabling clients to receive real-time updates via WebSocket or HTTP callbacks.

Reviewer: Keeping the title `GraphQL subscriptions with a self-hosted router` maintains the parallelism with the title `GraphQL subscriptions with a cloud supergraph` of https://www.apollographql.com/docs/graphos/operations/subscriptions. Or we can edit both?

```suggestion
title: GraphQL subscriptions with a self-hosted router
subtitle: Enable clients to receive real-time updates whenever new data becomes available
description: Configure your router to support GraphQL subscriptions, enabling clients to receive real-time updates via WebSockets or HTTP callbacks.
```

Author: This page isn't limited to information for self-hosted routers, hence the title change.

Reviewer: This page was meant for self-hosted, and even with the title change a reader right now would probably assume it's limited to self-hosted because it's under `Self-Hosted Routers`.

This is a jumping off point to start revamping the IA of router docs and define the path that consolidates common, self-hosted, and cloud topics.

minVersion: 1.22.0
---

<PremiumFeature>

**For self-hosted routers, subscription support is an [Enterprise feature](../enterprise-features/).**

> Subscription support is also available for cloud routers with a GraphOS Serverless or Dedicated plan. For cloud supergraphs, refer to [the cloud-specific docs](/graphos/operations/subscriptions).

Reviewer: Use `cloud supergraph` or `cloud router` 

```suggestion
Subscription support is also available for routers in cloud supergraphs with a GraphOS Serverless or Dedicated plan. For cloud supergraphs, refer to [the cloud-specific docs](/graphos/operations/subscriptions).
```
